Young people, don't be impulsive.
Bao Zhengting
The situation has developed to this point
Aren't you awake yet?
How much do you want for Jiang Caicai?
I'll leave the court for you immediately
Go back to your boyfriend
I said he's not my boyfriend
Are you trying to piss me off?
Mom, don't be afraid.
He won't kill himself
He just wants to use you to put pressure on me
You just said
You don't know Jiang Xue
Don't know at all
Then look at what this is.
Investigate me, what is your relationship with Jiang Xue?
His name is Zhou Hai
He's a deadbeat.
He is also Jiang Xue's boyfriend.
Jiang Xue replaced the woman that night
Become my nominal girlfriend
Still in close contact with him
Zhou Hai, you still dare not admit it
Did Jiang Xue look directly at you and frame Jiang Caicai?
i
Go back and tell that woman
Tell him to stop thinking about being a young woman of the Gu family
This zombie is almost to the bone
I almost fell for him
Mom, you misunderstood.
I was lucky to meet him.
But he just said it himself.
The sea has ruined his heart this week
Banzhenting
You're the president of Story Group.
There are countless people who pursue you
Why should you choose him?
Mom, I don't want to hear that again
I don't care about his past